I have implemented all required functions of homework 3, including but not limited to proxy, multiconnection support, encryption and description using dynamic IV.

In order to compile you have to install libssl first:
	$ sudo apt-get install libssl-dev

After installing, you could use "make" to compile my code.

How to use it: I tested my program using three linux machines. First I only use two machines, let the first one connect the sshd of the second machine through my proxy.
	On the first machine, I execute following command:
		$ ssh -o "ProxyCommand ./pbproxy.o -k mykey 130.245.30.69 12345" student@localhost
	On the second machine, I execute following command:
		$ ./pbproxy.o -l 12345 -k mykey localhost 130
	If using following command on the second machine, and change "student" to "ubuntu" in the first comand, I could connect to another sshd on the third machine of mine:
		$ ./pbproxy.o -l 12345 -k mykey replay-s.meddle.mobi 22

I am using port 130 because sshd of my second machine is listening port 130 instead of port 22.

I wrote a lot of code to test functions and make experiment independently, but I deleted all of them except test_ssl.c.

How does my code work?

At client mode, I use a while(1) loop to try reading from stdin and socket. Be aware that I set stdin and socket to non-blocking mode to avoid blocking forever. If I received something from stdin, I generate a 8-byte iv, encrypt the data using key and iv, then put iv and encrypted data into another variable then send them together.
If I received something from socket, simply write the original data to stdout.

At server mode, I wrote a function for thread called server_process. First I start to listen to port specified in argument(10 concurrent connections at most), then start to call accept() in a while(1) loop. If I got a new connection, start a new thread to handle it.
In the thread, I first create a tcp connection with destination and port specified in the arguments, then I try reading from incoming socket and the socket I created in a while(1) loop. I also set those two sockets to non-blocking mode, similar to client mode.
If I received something from incoming socket, take the first 8 bytes as iv, then decrypt the rest data using that iv. Then write decrypted data to another socket.
If I received something from the socket I created, simply write the original data to the first socket.

I also have a lot of error checking. My server thread is able to close connection and exit when a client exit.

This homework is not that easy but really interesting! And I learned a lot during coding :)